You're getting good at that.
Your heart's not in it anymore,
is it?
Is it that obvious?
Maybe it's time to let someone
else take over the reins.
Come on then, load her up.
You know I did offer
to help plan the wedding.
I was thinking somewhere
grand, iconic.
Leeds Castle,
Canterbury Cathedral.
No, Laila had to do it
all herself and...
Here we are.
- Oysters?
- Champagne.
I'll send someone over.
Monster-in-law alert.
Oh, hmm.
Oh, I'm Laurie.
Oh, you're the celebrant?
Yeah, well, uh, a friend.
doing, uh, Adnan and Laila
a favor.
- Aw.
- Yeah, it's my first time.
Right, well, you'll need
some champagne, too, then.
- Oh, yeah.
- I'll send someone over.
Oh, thank you.
Just imagine everyone naked.
Uh, my parents
are in there.
Oh, well, maybe not then.
Yeah, maybe not.
Right, while you're here,
maybe you can just
help me out a little.
Okay, go on.
Okay, do you reckon
I should lead with...
"I take no responsibility
for the views
and comments of my mother."
- Mmm...
- Or, hear me out.
"This is the longest one night
stand I've ever had."
- Oh, very heartfelt.
- What?
It's gonna be great.
Yeah.
I just really don't
want to mess this up.
Well, I think it's time to make
an honest man of myself.
- Good luck.
- Thanks.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are in the presence
of love.
Before you got married.
Why are you bringing this up
on my wedding day?
I'll tell her when I need
to tell her.
This needs to be something--
It's my marriage.
Just leave it, alright?
Sorry.
Just leave it.
They're about to take
the photos, so...
- So?
- Come on, let's have some fun.
Ruby.
Ooh.
It is a weird place
to get married.
What, roller coasters
and ghost trains?
It's not my ideal wedding.
Could be Tom's though.
Oh, my God, you're so right.
Let's swap.
It is so Tom.
Don't put any ideas in his head.
Let's go on this one.
Charlie would love this.
Yeah.
Do you miss him?
Let's go and explore in there.
Ooh!
It's mad, it's so weird.
Ruby?
Hello?
Hello!
Where are you?
I'm here!
Where's here?
I am so lost.
I don't think
we're gonna get out.
♪ There once was a place
with my little lovely ♪
♪ Wey hey ho ♪
♪ And I'll seek and I'll search,
and I know that I'll find it ♪
♪ Wey hey ho ♪
♪ I know the wind, she blows ♪
♪ I know the tides are low ♪
♪ But you'll find me
at the white post ♪
♪ You'll find me
It wasn't a frenzied attack.
There's no blood spatter,
there's no evidence
of a struggle,
no broken mirrors.
She trusted the killer.
Right, check for CCTV.
Start looking for
the murder weapon.
And I want witness statements
from everyone before they leave.
Well, it was
a twilight wedding.
So, most of them
are still pissed.
I don't care.
Get everyone a coffee.
Get yourself one, too.
- Yeah.
- It's gonna be a late one.
It really is.
Pearl.
Hey.
You all right?
How's Adnan doing?
Oh, he's still in shock.
Did you see anyone else
in there?
- No.
- No?
No, it was just me and Ruby.
What were you
doing in there?
We were on a break. We were just
mucking about, having a laugh.
Right.
We can do this later if...
No. No, I'm fine.
- Sure?
- Yeah, yeah.
Okay, can you talk me
through the day?
Um...
Well, there was rivalry
between the two families.
Mm-hmm.
Adnan's mum, Hiral, she, um...
well, she wasn't happy
about any of it.
Not the venue
or the guest list.
Or the bride.
She wasn't so picky
about the booze though.
Yeah, do you reckon
she was drowning her sorrows?
Or a shot of Dutch courage?
What about the groom?
What do you make of him?
He seems like a nice guy.
He was nervous.
About his speech
and getting married.
He was having an argument
with a woman earlier
in a-- in a blue dress.
Yeah?
Yeah.
It was intense and private.
Where is she?
Oh, I can't see her.
I'm sorry.
I was right there, Mike.
Come here. It's all right.
Yeah.
We found this under the mirrors.
It's Laila's.
It was sent 15 minutes
before the body was found.
And his phone was found
in his mum's handbag.
Okay. Arrest them both.
- I've got to go, all right?
- Yeah.
I mean, I just can't get
my head around it.
I met them a few times when
they were planning their menu,
and they seemed so in love.
Honestly, I mean,
why plan a big wedding?
Why get married
if he was gonna kill her?
Pearl.
Well, if Adnan didn't do it,
then who else could it be?
Well, his mum was awful.
I mean, she was a snob,
an out of control drunk.
That's not a nice thing to say
about Dolly, is it, Pearl?
Oi! I can hold my drink.
This is not taking it easy.
You're supposed to be at home
with your feet up.
Tea, chocolate,
non-violent box sets.
Honestly, I'm fine.
I'm happier if I'm busy.
Let me take over here.
No.
Bill's bringing the wine in.
Why don't you do that
if you want to help?
We've got
them well trained.
Life is good.
So leave this one to the police.
Your phone sent
a message saying,
"Meet me in the mirror maze."
I did not send that message.
Then who did?
Your mum?
What, what?
Why would you think that?
No, no, of course not.
Well, we found
your phone in her bag.
Was she
hiding it for you?
I don't...
I have no idea
how that got there.
Listen to me.
We've spoken to
numerous witnesses.
No one can place
Hiral at the time of the murder.
No, you stop.
Stop right now, okay?
My mum-- my mum
did not do this.
And no one can place you either.
Funny that.
I don't do instant.
Go on.
You had a lot
to drink yesterday.
We were celebrating.
Yeah, we've got witnesses
who say you were still
"celebrating"
after Laila's body was found.
You didn't like Laila, did you?
You didn't approve.
Did you write that
message, Hiral?
Don't be ridiculous!
So Adnan wrote it?
You protecting him?
This is
so far fetched.
So who wrote it?
Whoever killed Laila.
So someone stole the phone
from Adnan
without him noticing,
wrote Laila a message,
and then planted the phone
in your bag.
Again without you noticing.
I think you're right.
That does sound
a bit far fetched.
You were seen arguing with
a woman after the ceremony.
Who is she?
Cassie Lawrence. She's...
She's just an ex.
Arguing with your ex?
At your wedding?
She won't leave me alone.
I've moved on. She hasn't.
It's pretty simple.
Look, Laila was friends
with her, okay?
So she decided to invite her,
not me. That's...
That's just the kind of person
Laila was.
Where is she now?
Cassie?
You are wasting valuable time!
Me, my mum, Cassie,
it's a joke.
Okay, look, I'm sorry,
okay? I...
Look, for the past
six months, we've, um...
we've been getting these calls
on the landline.
Like prank, nuisance calls.
How often?
9, 10 times a day.
Sometimes more.
And it's always when I'm out.
Laila picks up the phone
and then whoever's calling
just hangs up.
So someone's been
harassing Laila?
Is that what you're saying?
I guess. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you know,
we obviously didn't take it
seriously at the time.
But yes.
9 or 10 times a day?
Sounds like someone
who really hated her.
We are a family of doctors.
Laila worked in social care.
Her parents don't work at all.
Her brother's been in
and out of prison.
Who knows what kind of people
he's involved with.
They're who you should be
talking to.
So, you thought Adnan was
making a mistake marrying Laila?
And you'd do anything for
your son wouldn't you, Hiral?
Lie.
Even kill.
I know what you're doing.
Where were you
after the ceremony?
I told you.
I don't remember.
Well, you were blackout drunk.
You could have been anywhere.
Doing anything.
You could have killed her.
And you still wouldn't remember.
Hey.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I just...
thought I'd see how you are.
Oh, I'm all right. Thanks.
Any progress?
Well, we let
Adnan and Hiral go.
We need more if
we're gonna charge 'em.
We're just short
on evidence, so...
No murder weapon?
Nah.
This woman that you saw
Adnan arguing with.
Just talk me
through that again.
Well, she looked
angry and upset.
Mmm.
They were in each other's faces.
It did look like the sort
of argument a couple would have.
Her name's Cassie Lawrence.
She's Adnan's ex.
Does that give her a motive?
Well, we can't find her.
Now, Adnan said Laila's been
getting nuisance calls.
Really?
We checked.
He's telling the truth.
Someone's been harassing her.
Calling and hanging up.
Multiple times a day.
Well, could that be this Cassie?
Well, initially
that's what we thought.
But we traced the calls
to a number,
registered to a name
and address in Derby.
Someone called Emily Forrest.
Okay.
Yeah, she seems
to have disappeared, too.
So, what you thinking?
Maybe Adnan
was sleeping around?
Well, that doesn't
make him a killer.
I don't buy it was him.
I mean, why do it on your
wedding day when you're
surrounded by your all your
friends and your family?
It doesn't make sense.
I can't get the image of Laila
out of my head.
It's enough to put you
off weddings for life.
No chance of you
proposing soon then?
Eh?
To Kat.
Nah.
Nah, that's all over.
Me and Kat, we're--
we're not together any more.
Oh.
Oh, Mike, I'm sorry.
Mike and Kat split up.
- Oh, no.
- Yeah.
Poor Mike.
That's sad.
Yeah. I know. It is.
I'm so sorry, Adnan.
I'm sorry. Are you here
for the invoice, or...?
Oh, no, no.
No, forget about that.
I came-- I came 'cause I wanted
to give you this.
I'm a private detective.
I just wanted to offer
some help.
Right, um...
Wait, you know the police think
I did it, don't you?
It's insulting, and it--
and it's insane.
Look, I know Laila
was getting nuisance calls.
Maybe-- maybe I could
track them down.
Find out who it was.
Emily Forrest, apparently.
Well...
that's who the police
said it was.
And do you know her?
Not even heard of her.
Well, maybe--
maybe I could find her.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, no, that--
that would be great.
Nikki.
Brace yourself.
What now?
We might have found
the murder weapon.
You better get here.
Oh, Laurie. Hi.
Hi, uh...
Uh, you saw me at Adnan's.
Mm.
Yeah, we just didn't want you
to get the wrong idea.
What do you mean the wrong idea?
Well, I mean you saw Adnan, too.
He's-- he's devastated.
He's broken.
Look, I know
what the police think,
but he didn't kill Laila.
Is there something going on?
Are you two...?
Okay, I-I'm just
gonna be honest.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, there is something
going on.
It's been going on for a while.
You officiated their wedding.
I know. I am not proud of that.
I mean, I-I agreed to do it
before we...
you know, and...
the venue was booked, and Adnan
didn't want to upset his family.
I mean, he-- he was gonna
tell Laila.
He-- he was.
Oh, Laurie.
They all say that.
Oh, no, look,
everything happened so fast.
There wasn't time.
Like, he had to
go through with it.
Do you know an Emily Forrest?
Uh, no.
Or a Cassie Lawrence?
Well, maybe you don't know Adnan
as well as you think you do.
We love each other.
Look, everything that
has happened is so awful.
It's-- it's unimaginable.
But this has nothing to do
with Adnan.
That-- that is why I'm here.
I need you to believe that.
For the tape, I'm showing
a photograph of evidence
labeled MR13.
Miss Nolan, can you describe
what this is?
For the tape.
It looks like one of my
oyster shuckers.
Alright go, go on.
For the tape.
Sergeant Nikki Martel
is leaving the room.
For the tape.
Do you honestly think
I killed Laila?
No, but whoever did used
your oyster shucker.
So can you do me a favor?
Will you help me out?
You know what this means,
don't you?
That the murder
wasn't planned.
You think someone saw
an opportunity and went for it.
Yeah, when their blood was up
in the heat of the moment,
maybe after an argument.
Have you heard
from Cassie yet?
Cassie Lawrence?
Look, I need
to tell you something.
I went round to Adnan's
earlier today.
You just can't help
yourself, can you?
I'm sorry,
but Laurie was there.
Who's Laurie?
Laurie was the celebrant,
at the wedding.
- Right, yeah.
- They're having an affair.
So maybe Laurie killed Laila.
I don't think so.
But I think he is playing her.
You were right,
he is a serial cheat.
Laila, Laurie, and this Emily.
And Cassie.
Why did you run?
I was furious. With Adnan.
'Cause he left you.
I left him.
He got together with Laila
straight after.
We were friends. He--
She wanted to stay close.
I felt I owed her the truth.
About what?
That's what I was arguing
with Adnan about
after the ceremony.
I was livid.
That's why I left in a hurry.
I came back as soon as I heard
what had happened.
Cassie, why were you
and Adnan arguing?
He was supposed to tell her.
Tell her what?
Look, am I free
to go now?
Cassie just came in
for an interview.
- Really?
- Yeah.
She said she left Adnan because
he had a gambling problem.
Apparently he's in debt.
We're talking hundreds
of thousands.
And he was hiding it
all from Laila.
Well, that must have been
what they were arguing
about at the wedding.
So it was about money.
Who owns the house?
Laila.
And she's got
a life insurance policy,
and she left it all to Adnan.
Well, surely that's motive.
It's circumstantial.
So you've got no
real evidence.
Adnan trusts me.
Pearl.
We're not doing that.
Technically,
I work for him anyway.
He hired me to find Emily.
I don't care.
You're not going round there.
Look, if you talk to him,
you'll get his back up.
- With me, he'll feel safe.
- No, no way.
Yes, I could get him
to slip up.
Listen, your fingerprints
are the only ones
on that murder weapon.
You promise me you're not
gonna go round there.
- Hi.
- Laurie?
Are you okay?
Oh, gosh, yeah.
Is Adnan here?
He just, um-- he just
popped out for a walk.
He needed to clear his head.
Um, can I help?
Well, he hired me to,
to find Emily Forrest.
But I wanted to talk to him
about that.
Oh, um, yeah, of course.
He said-- Well, I mean,
he'll be back soon.
Do you-- do you want to
come in, wait here?
Okay.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
So, that black eye?
You gonna tell me
what happened, Laurie.
Oh, it's not what you think.
What do I think?
You're gonna say it was Adnan.
And it wasn't.
Honestly, you've got
the wrong idea about him.
Between you and me...
it was Hiral.
She came over earlier, and Adnan
didn't want to see her.
Why?
She'd been drinking and...
This is what happens
when you put yourself
between a mother
and her first born son.
Why didn't Adnan
want to see her?
Oh, uh...
I-I shouldn't say any more.
He'll be home soon.
So, I'll just, uh, clear these.
Why would Adnan need to kill
Laila for money?
His family's loaded.
Well, Cassie said he was
worried about what
Hiral would think.
- What, she'd disown him?
- Yeah.
Apparently, the shame
would kill her.
Little boys and their mothers.
Story of every psycho.
Nikki Martel.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yep, thanks.
Derbyshire Constabulary.
They're e-mailing us
a mugshot through.
Emily Forrest has form
for harassment.
Where have all the photos
of Adnan and Laila gone?
Oh, Adnan took them down.
Everything's very raw.
I see.
So, uh...
So what did you, uh, find out
about, uh, Emily, was it,
from uh, Derby?
Oh, it'll wait
till Adnan gets back.
I probably, uh,
shouldn't say this,
but Adnan always thought
it was Hiral.
What was Hiral?
Who was harassing Laila.
Right.
Sorry, um, Pearl, do you
want another cup of tea?
Or, um, I don't know,
maybe a glass of wine?
How did you know Emily Forrest
was from Derby?
You told me.
Did I?
No, um...
You told Adnan.
Adnan told me.
Oh, that's right, yeah.
So, what would you like?
Yeah, go on then,
I'll have another cup of tea.
Is that Adnan's phone?
Yeah. Oh.
He must of, uh, left it.
Oh.
Are you okay, Pearl?
Yeah.
Can I use the bathroom?
Yeah, um, yeah, it's just, uh,
upstairs, um,
first on the right.
Thanks.
Adnan, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Wake up.
Has she drugged you?
Hey, come on.
Adnan.
Pearl, help, help.
It's all right.
I'm gonna get help.
- Laurie.
- Huh?
- Laurie. It's Laurie.
- I know.
I'll get help.
It's all right, it's all right,
it's gonna be all right.
Mike, don't freak out, okay?
Laurie.
Aw, Pearl.
Oh, I know what it
looks like upstairs.
Adnan's confused.
I mean, I'm confused.
But, um...
But we love each other.
We do.
Ever since we met.
I believe you, Laurie.
How did you meet?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah we-- we met
on a commuter train.
Yeah, it was, uh,
it was love at first sight.
For both of us.
I mean, obviously it was um...
it was more
complicated for Adnan.
I mean, you've met his mother.
And, um, he was getting married.
The families couldn't agree
on a celebrant.
I heard him arguing
on his mobile.
So I told him
I'd done it before.
Cor...
Like a little,
little white lie.
He was so grateful.
I've never felt a connection
like it.
It was-- it was euphoric.
It wasn't supposed to end up
like this.
Give me the lighter, Laurie.
No, no, no, no.
No, you called the police.
I heard you.
I'm sorry. I-- I shouldn't
have done that.
No.
I mean, you don't understand.
I do.
He loves me.
He really loves me.
At the ceremony,
when he was reading his vows,
when he was declaring
his love, he...
he was looking right at me!
Right at me!
He was telling me
to do something.
He was telling me to kill Laila!
To make everything right!
So we could be together,
and-- and if it's not right,
if it's not right,
then what is the point!
How you feeling, Adnan?
I'm sorry.
Would anybody else
like to share?
Mike?
Alright.
I told myself I was gonna talk
about my wife today.
I couldn't do it.
What were you gonna say?
That it was my fault she died.
We were going to
a birthday party.
One of my wife's friends.
There was this case I was on.
This guy killed his wife.
He was on the run.
And I was spending all my time
looking for him.
I was obsessed.
And in the car on the way
there, she could tell that I...
I just wasn't...
I wasn't there, you know?
She just said, "Relax."
Just take the afternoon off
and enjoy the party.
And that's when I saw him.
This guy I'd been searching for
for months.
I started to follow him.
And then he ran a red light.
So I ran the light.
And another car...
...smashed into the side of us.
That was my fault.
I'm sorry.
Yesterday, at Adnan's house,
that-- that brought back
a lot of memories.
That's not the same.
You told me not to go.
I knew you were gonna go.
Deep down, I knew.
And I knew if you did,
we'd have a better chance
of solving the case.
Well, it was my decision.
I knew the risk.
I put you in danger.
You didn't.
You got there in time.
I'm no good, Pearl.
That's not true.
Look, you're talking.
You're going to therapy.
I've got a lot to work through.
Is that why you split up
with Kat?
Maybe.
Mike.
Is it 'cause you're not ready
to be with someone?
I want to be.
But you can't.
Down in one.
- Hey.
- Sorry I'm late.
- That's all right.
So, remind me what Laurie
was suffering from?
Erotomania.
Love at first sight.
And that's a bad thing?
Well, if the other person
doesn't feel the same way
and you're delusional
and you try to kill the person
you're in love with, then yeah.
Well, put it like that.
I think we might have a case of
love at first sight right here.
Hmm.
Do they make you want to puke?
Little bit, yeah.
Down in one.
Are we okay?
Yeah.
A nos amour.
To those we love.
♪ Let me croon ♪
♪ A low down blues ♪
Come and dance with me.
- Mmm.
- Oh, come on.
No-o-o-o.
♪ Out of your seat ♪
♪ If my song can reach
your shoes ♪
♪ And start you
tapping your feet ♪
♪ I'm happy ♪
♪ Let me sing
of Dixie's charms ♪
♪ The Swanee Shore ♪
♪ La-la la la-la ♪
♪ La-la la-la
la la-la-la ♪
♪ La-la la la-la ♪
♪ La-la la-la
la la-la-la ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ La-la la-la
la la-la-la ♪